Brief description of the company
800.000. This is the number of patients who have crossed our threshold during a year. 1200 is the number of professionals who are part of the Affidea Romania team and who, through concern, integrity and mutual respect, manage to reward the trust that patients and doctors put in our hands.

Requirements
-Generalist Postgraduate School of Health;
-Compliance with the code of professional ethics and the rules governing the profession of medical assistant in Romania;
-Good computer user

Responsibilities
-Greet clients arriving at the clinic and provide them with the requested information, perform triage, direct them to the medical office where the investigation will take place;
-Assisting the doctor in carrying out clinical investigations, performing functional explorations, filling in patient records and clinical medical observation documents, preventing the creation of infection outbreaks, sterilizing instruments and materials, ensuring the general hygienic and sanitary conditions in the workplace,
Other information
Affidea Romania, Affidea-SANMED, Affidea-Phoenix and Affidea-Hiperdia clinics are part of the Affidea Group, headquartered in Amsterdam, Europe's leading provider of diagnostic imaging, outpatient and cancer treatment services.
The Affidea Group provides leading medical services through its 246 high-performance diagnostic imaging clinics, medical laboratories and cancer treatment centres, using the latest and most modern technology worldwide.
The Affidea Group currently operates in 16 countries: Ireland, UK, Poland, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Hungary, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Romania, Italy, Lithuania, Portugal, Greece, Serbia, Spain, Turkey.
Affidea Romania, Affidea-SANMED, Affidea-Phoenix and Affidea-Hiperdia offer a full range of professional radiology imaging, nuclear medicine, clinical consultations and laboratory services through 36 clinics in 19 counties, benefiting from the expertise of over 800 healthcare professionals.

Affidea figures in Romania
36 clinics
2 PET/CT machines and 1 SPECT/CT machine
24 CT scanners
26 MRI scanners
136 diagnostic imaging equipment
800 staff
800 000 patients/year
36 years of combined experience Affidea Romania + Hiperdia

Affidea Fundeni Centre received the EuroSafe "5 Stars" award from the European Society of Radiology, which is a recognition of the company's ability to provide excellence in radiation protection and patient safety.
Affidea Fundeni Clinic is accredited by the European Association of Nuclear Medicine (EANM), the highest recognition for excellence in nuclear medicine.
Affidea Fundeni is the largest high-performance diagnostic imaging and nuclear medicine centre in Romania, offering an extensive range of medical services such as PET/CT, SPECT/CT, MRI, CT, 3D Mammography with Tomosynthesis, as well as other imaging investigations, laboratory analyses, clinical consultations, day hospitalisation in the specialties of oncology and neurology.


Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)