SCHUMACHER HOMES AWARDED TOP WORKPLACE 2021


4-DAY/36 HOUR FLEXIBLE WORK WEEK - Our employees drive our success and we show our appreciation by committing to offering a flexible work schedule to enhance work/life balance.



We are an award-winning company which strives to be the best on your lot custom homebuilder providing the ultimate customer experience.  We are the recipient of the National Housing Quality Award for excellence in construction standards and customer satisfaction and  the recipient of the NAHB’s National Gold Winning Home of the Year demonstrating our continued leadership in architecture and design.



Quite simply, no one builds a better home or offers a better place to work. Apply today to join our outstanding team..


Our Columbus, OH location at 5087 Columbus Pike, Lewis Center, OH 43035 is looking for a Residential Construction Manager to join its team.  Our Construction Managers/Job Superintendents must be proficient in understanding residential construction systems. This position offers a competitive salary, bonus incentive, company vehicle, plus advancement potential. Under the direction of the General Manager and/or the Production Manager, the Construction Manager/Superintendent is responsible for working with the customers to build their homes, schedule trades and ensure the homes are built with attention to quality, meeting building time expectations and exceeding homeowner satisfaction.



SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES:

Builds assigned homes within time, cost, quality and satisfaction standards (within allowed performance tolerances).
Run home site inspection meeting with homeowner. Document lot conditions re: house location, etc. on plot plan.
Participate in pre-construction meeting with General Manager, Customer Coordinators and homeowners.
Approve all purchase orders for payment once work is completed and materials delivered 100%.
Attends other required meetings as requested.
Inspect each assigned job.
Recruit trade partners.
Conducts homeowner orientation meeting with customers.
Responsible for completion of 100% of homeowner punch list items within 14 days.
Maintains cleanliness or and maintenance schedule for assigned vehicle.
Initiates contact via phone, letter, e-mail or in person with each customer under construction.
Residential Construction Manager/Superintendent: Think about this -- After training is completed, we offer a

4-DAY/36 HOUR FLEXIBLE WORK WEEK, as well as a very competitive salary, and bonus incentive. We also offer a comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life insurance plans, PTO (Paid Time Off), a homebuilding discount, and paid holidays. Additionally, we partner with Fidelity to offer a premier 401k Plan + employer match. If you’re interested in being part of our dynamic growth, plus an integral part of a company who believes in working hard, having fun and producing results APPLY TODAY!

WORK HARD, HAVE FUN, PRODUCE RESULTS
Requirements
Prior scattered-site residential construction experience (preferred).
Technical residential construction knowledge to understand construction processes and terminology to assist in management of field personnel and systems.
Effective time management skills to manage a busy work environment. The ability to schedule and organize multiple jobs is critical.
Computer experience – the ability to use technology (Smart Phone, I-Pad). Experience with Microsoft Outlook for email correspondence.
Keywords: construction manager, project manager, construction superintendent, superintendent, homebuilder, custom homebuilder, residential construction, scattered-site residential

Categories